hello there people of the earth hello
so it's been like almost a year since I
posted a video or something about a year
and um I thought I wanted to do review
video because I like review videos and
they're so much fun and um my first one
I guess and I look like crap right now
because I haven't I kind of just got
back from school kinda and I haven't
really cleaned myself up but um yeah so
the review video that I'm doing is a con
Eyre like three way mirror or something
I don't know what it's called I put the
link in the description and yeah just
look at the description bar below cell
phone in there and um I like I got in
yesterday because we went to a Christmas
party and they got me one and I was very
thankful and I liked it a lot and normal
so yeah so let me just get it real quick
enjoy looking at my things like at this
camera it's a camera to camera I can't
okay I got it
okay I know I'm not prepared but you
know happens okay so we're going to
start off with what it looks like on the
front the Lighting's really bad okay
you're so front right here it says : air
right here I don't know how much is cuz
you know identify and improve them sell
you have up to they pay for unless
you're a snotty rich person that's how
people are okay and then here's the back
see yourself cord and so I'm going to
turn you around and so that you can see
what the quality is so let me go plug
this in no change
yeah okay so alright yeah I know it's 30
so to like set it down you pull this out
and this little thing this is a metal
part you can choose I like bridges right
here like somehow like little go so I'll
put this on move bar your first one so
that's what it looks like like that and
then now we're going to open it like
this like that okay perfect
oh so so this is what it looks like just
like this three women and the cool thing
is so right now it's like normal but
then you can turn it around and it's all
magnified like you see okay now for
these little buttons let's string it
around and let's turn it on - evening
like that and Carrie Smith Patrika
quality um I could see myself Aamir
there I am Here I am
okay oh yeah okay and then we got home
brighter office this normal and see so
much lighter during day and it helps a
lot like if I take this little brush
thing and I use the magnifications and
dip it in in there sort of thing okay
that's very good
like that pink one stood so um I like it
and I think it's a good quality and I
think I should buy it because it's
pretty cool okay so that's my review
video and I hope you liked it
um I'm going to be creating a new
channel so I won't be uploading on this
channel anymore and um probably make it
to do that you're like sometime this
week they don't know one but when I do
I'll make one last video and I'll put it
in the link in the description so yeah I
think that's about it Merry Christmas
I probably will because I'm making
channel but Merry Christmas
good bye people